Elastic License 2.0

## License

The Elastic License 2.0 ("ELv2") applies to all software that is subject
to the terms of this license.

You may copy, modify, create derivative works, and redistribute the
software, but you may not provide the software to third parties as a
hosted or managed service, where the service provides users with access
to any substantial set of the features or functionality of the software.

## Grant of Rights

Subject to the limitations below, you are granted a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free license to use, copy, modify, create
derivative works, and redistribute the software, in source code or
object form.

## Limitations

You may not provide the software to third parties as a hosted or managed
service, where the service provides users with access to any substantial
set of the features or functionality of the software.

You may not remove or obscure any licensing, copyright, or other notices
contained in the software.

## Patent Grant

You are granted a patent license to make, use, sell, offer for sale,
import and otherwise transfer the software, where such license applies
only to those patent claims licensable by the licensor that are
necessarily infringed by their contribution(s) alone or by combination
of their contribution(s) with the software to which such contribution(s)
was submitted.

## Termination

If you violate the terms of this license, your rights under this license
will terminate automatically.

## No Warranty

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Notice: This license is not an Open Source license. For more
information, visit: https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license

